Automatic Troubleshooting KB updates (#741)
elastic/endpoint-package: package/endpoint/docs/knowledge_base/missed_checkins/linux_missed_checkins.md

Elastic Agent crashed, has been explicitly disabled or removed. Check `systemctl status elastic-agent` to confirm Agent is running. If Agent is not running, the Endpoint will continue protecting the system according to the last known policy but cannot receive policy updates or execute response actions.

> If this keeps happening, consider using the `linux.advanced.agent.orphaned_remediation` advanced option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask the user to consider using the `linux.advanced.agent.orphaned_remediation` advanced option which will automatically attempt to restart the Elastic Agent service when Elastic Defend becomes orphaned.
```

Was able to get it working with the suggested
<img width="838" height="2570" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14e4b86d-669f-4e22-9257-6384fa017eea" />
